PR Add rst for videos section 1 and 2, add directive for videos in conf (#124)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/working-with-spyder.rst

###################
Working with Spyder
###################

> In this section you will learn more advanced functionalities of Spyder exploring most of the panes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will learn about Spyder's more advanced functionality, and explore most of the panes. 
```

=====================
Beyond the main panes
=====================

Explore how to take advantage of Spyder’s functionality beyond just the four core panes.

.. youtube:: NOu9JTkUuDg
            :height: 360
            :width: 640
            :align: left

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

|

```
